Assignment 1


Welcome to assignment one, this assignment is very easy and I just want to test a few things
I want to make sure that you have your environment all set up
I want to make sure that you can print strings on your screen and that you have a practice of writing your algorithm on paper before writing the code
Testing whether you are able to follow instructions (or written design) and code exactly that, so please do follow the instructions :)
Testing whether you can work with strings properly
Testing whether you can use conditions well
Testing whether you can write clean code


And remember it is good to have marks but assignments are not all about marks, it's about me and you figuring out how good you are becoming and giving you feedback so that you can become better.

You will be submitting different files (a file for each question), and remember to put your names in every file, at the beginning.
This assignment is highly individual; any sign of plagiarism gives you a zero.

All code that is not submitted on canvas will not be graded.
You have two weeks to finish this assignment.

For Detailed Rubrics please refer Canvas

Question 1
Write a program that prints your initials in big letters. For example, my name is Ella Ty Karambizi
My output should be :
EEEEE		        TTTTT			K     K
E			     T  			K    K
E			     T			K   K
E 			     T			K K
EEEEE		          T			K
E			     T   			K K
E			     T			K  K
E			     T			K   K
E			     T			K    K
EEEEE		          T			K     K



Question 2
In plain English and with the Given-required-algorithm table write a guessing game where the user has to guess a secret number.
After every guess the program tells the user whether their number was too large or too small. At the end the number of tries needed should be printed.




Question 3: ALU Hangman

The program asks you 10 questions about ALU.
Every time you miss a question (you are hanging the man)
If you miss six questions (the man dies)
And the game stops.
If you get all the questions right, your man lives, you get congratulated and the game stops
If you finish all the questions with less than 6 mistakes, your man lives, and you are told the number of mistakes you made, and the game stops.
When was ALU founded (2015)
Who is the CEO of ALU (Fred Swaniker)
Where are ALU campuses (Rwanda and Mauritius)
How many campuses does ALU have (2)?
What is the name of ALU Rwanda’s Dean (Insert dean’s name)
Who is in Charge of Student Life (Sila Ogidi)
What is the name of our Lab (Insert name here)?
How many students do we have in year 2 Cs(put the number of students)
How many degrees does ALU offer (8)?
Where are the headquarters of ALU (Mauritius)?